British English Academy.
C1 listening activity.
Course: C1 Advanced English.
Module 3: Research, Synthesis and Critical Evaluation.
Lesson 5: Research, Synthesis and Critical Evaluation: Speaking Lesson 5.
Listen for precision, register and nuance.
Listen to the model answer. Then prepare your own short speaking response.
Learning objective: Learners can synthesise, justify, negotiate and adapt register in a speaking task about professional communication.
Today you will practise language connected to professional communication.
Target language: inversion.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise speaking for research, synthesis and critical evaluation. You will learn useful language connected to professional communication and practise inversion. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at C1 level.